feat: Add docu on User Assigned Managed Identities (#156)
meshcloud/meshcloud-docs: docs/meshstack.azure.landing-zones.md

- Existing projects with this Landing Zone will get their Blueprint updated to this version on the next [replication](./meshcloud.tenant.md)
- Newly created projects will get the latest Blueprint version assigned (possibly higher then the version configured here)

#### Use User Assigned Managed Identity (UAMI)

> This flag allows you to use a User Assigned Managed Identity instead of the standard System Assigned Managed identity during the assignment of your blueprint. For more details on their differences, refer to the [Azure Documentation](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/active-directory/managed-identities-azure-resources/overview#how-does-the-managed-identities-for-azure-resources-work)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This flag allows you to use a User Assigned Managed Identity (UAMI) instead of the standard System Assigned Managed Identity (SAMI) during the assignment of your blueprint. For more details on their differences, refer to the [Azure Documentation](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/active-directory/managed-identities-azure-resources/overview#how-does-the-managed-identities-for-azure-resources-work)).
```

> Currently we only recommend to use this flag only if you want to create resources that require permissions outside of the meshcloud managed subscription. A good example is if you want to connect a meshcloud managed subscription to a central log workspace. In order to do this, you require permissions in both the meshcloud managed subscription and the subscription your central Log Workspace App resides in.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Currently we only recommend to use this flag if you want to create resources that require permissions outside of the meshcloud managed subscription. A good example is if you want to connect a meshcloud managed subscription to a central log workspace. In order to do this, you require permissions in both the meshcloud managed subscription and the subscription your central Log Workspace App resides in.
```

> Currently we only recommend to use this flag only if you want to create resources that require permissions outside of the meshcloud managed subscription. A good example is if you want to connect a meshcloud managed subscription to a central log workspace. In order to do this, you require permissions in both the meshcloud managed subscription and the subscription your central Log Workspace App resides in.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currently we only recommend to use this flag if you want to create resources that require permissions outside of the meshStack managed subscription. A good example is if you want to connect a meshStack managed subscription to a central log workspace. In order to do this, you require permissions in both the meshStack managed subscription and the subscription your central Log Workspace App resides in.
```

> **Please note**: meshcloud automatically handles permissions in the subscription the blueprint is assigned to, but permissions outside of that cannot be handled and have to be setup by yourself.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**Please note**: meshcloud automatically handles permissions in the subscription the Blueprint is assigned to, but permissions outside of that cannot be handled and have to be setup by yourself.
```

> **Please note**: meshcloud automatically handles permissions in the subscription the blueprint is assigned to, but permissions outside of that cannot be handled and have to be setup by yourself.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Please note**: meshStack automatically handles permissions of the subscription the blueprint is assigned to. Permissions which are not part of the blueprint cannot be handled and have to be setup by yourself in the Azure Portal.
```
